[ASIM-5342] add invoke support (#316)
ESSS/alfasim-sdk: docs/source/plugins/01_quick_start.rst

.. note::

    It is recommended that you install the |sdk| using a Python Virtual Environment.
    For more details, see `Virtual Environments and Packages in Python documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/tutorial/venv.html>`_.
    It is recommended that you install the |sdk| using the conda package manager.

From a terminal, and inside a virtual environment, update pip:
    You can it by adding a ``environment.yml`` to your project and declare the ``alfasim-sdk`` inside the ``pip`` dependencies.
    For more details, see `Getting started with conda <https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    >>> python -m pip install -U pip

Install the |sdk| with:

.. code-block:: console

>     >>> pip install alfasim-sdk

Author: I've added installation instructions in the line above:

```
 You can it by adding a ``environment.yml`` to your project and declare the ``alfasim-sdk`` inside the ``pip`` dependencies.
```  

but I will rephrase it to be more clearer.

.. note::

    It is recommended that you install the |sdk| using the conda package manager.

    You can it by adding a ``environment.yml`` to your project and declare the ``alfasim-sdk`` inside the ``pip`` dependencies.
    For more details, see `Getting started with conda <https://conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/getting-started.html>`_.

>     And if you want to manage multiple repositories using conda, a further addition to your project could be the `conda devenv <https://github.com/ESSS/conda-devenv>`_ tool.

Reviewer: I would remove this, probably will generate only noise to most users.

Author: Yeah, makes sense. It was removed.

>     And if you want to manage multiple repositories using conda, a further addition to your project could be the `conda devenv <https://github.com/ESSS/conda-devenv>`_ tool.

Author: Fixed

> |sdk| requires at least the following version for this software:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|sdk| requires at least the following version for these software:
```

Or simply:

```suggestion
|sdk| requires:
```

 - ``CMake`` at least version 3.5.2
 - ``Ninja`` at least version 1.7.0

> The ``alfasim-sdk`` package that you have installed have a built in command line interface (CLI) that is used to create a new plugin template. You can get the

Reviewer 2: Minor: `(...) has a built in (...)`

Author: Fixed

> The ``alfasim-sdk`` package that you have installed have a built in command line interface (CLI) that is used to create a new plugin template. You can get the
> help on how to use it with the following command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``alfasim-sdk`` package has a built in command line interface (CLI) that is used to create new plugins. You can get help with the following command:
```

Author: Fixed

:myplugin.py: Implementation of the hooks for customization of the UI interface, or the solver configuration hooks.
:myplugin.c:  Implementation of the hooks for customization of solver.

Check out the :ref:`Plugin Structure section <plugin_structure-section>` for more details about how the folder and files are structured, and
also, check the :ref:`plugin-by-example-section` that shows how to create simple plugins that make use of the `User Interface Hooks` and the `Solver Hooks`.

> Invoke support
> --------------

Reviewer: I would not say "invoke support", because "support" conveys the idea that it is somehow "optional", which in fact is central on how we manage tasks now.

```suggestion
Invoke
-------
```

Author: What about `Invoke tasks`? Just to have a more meaningful title.

Author: Fixed

> From version 0.17.0 onwards, |sdk| have ``pyinvoke`` support in order facilitate and standardize the plugins development process
> using pre-defined tasks. In order to use it, you should create a new plugin with the command below and a ``tasks.py`` file will be generated.
> 
> The generetad ``tasks.py`` file can be used to implement your own tasks and to overwrite the default tasks defined in the ``alfasim_sdk.default_tasks`` .
> 
> |sdk| already have some tasks available out of the box that will help to speed up your workflow. You might list them using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From version 0.17.0 onwards, |sdk| uses `pyinvoke`_ in order facilitate and standardize the plugins development process
using pre-defined tasks. A standard ``tasks.py`` file is generated automatically by the :program:`new` command, which can be customized by the user if needed.

To list the tasks available, use:
```

Author: Alright, I've added this suggestion.

.. code-block:: bash

    >>> cd myplugin
    >>> invoke --list

> Further details about ``pyinvoke`` can be found on its `documentation <https://www.pyinvoke.org/>`_.

Reviewer: This will make the `pyinvoke_` link I used in the previous suggestion work:

```suggestion
.. _pyinvoke: https://www.pyinvoke.org
```

Author: Nice.
